#NetEase Cloud Music
                                    商务英语1401   李梦琪  201434028
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NetEase Cloud Music is a application which is focusing on the discovering and sharing music .
Rely on professional musicians, DJS, Suggestions of friends and social function. On-line
music service focus on song menus,social contact ,big recommendation，Music fingerprint. This
application was first officially release in April 2013. According to the data of TalkingDate 
mobile data research center, in January 2014 to September, NetEase Cloud Musicusers monthly 
growth rate of 36.5% facilitate itselfin all music APP first, and surpass QQ music and other 
products.

To begin with ,when it comes to its popularity ,its‘ excellent functions play an important role .
Open the NetEase Cloud Music you will find it with retro nostalgia vinyl and itself contains 
quality, history, mellow and so on characteristics .The moment you listen to music ,it can recall 
indeed the era of playing songs with records. The application is based onplaylists created by 
users.Users can create, collect, share playlists according to their preference. Users can import 
the original mobile phone address book, SNS relations, or with the aid of Netease Cloud Music 
LBS functions to structure music social circle. Users can set up their own home page, you can focus 
on each other, share music ,and your dynamic present in real-time in this circle. NetEase Cloud 
Music contains DJ and sole homemade program of musicians. Music fingerprint technology helps users
find the song by listening to the melody. These functions make us enjoy the process of listening 
to music extremely.

What’s more ,I will talk about the shortage about NetEase Cloud Music .With regard to the Random 
broadcast of NetEase Cloud Music , they are not really random broadcast.On the program, this is 
called pseudo random .In fact, the random playing program generates a sequence list or a loop 
list.Then ,play songs in terms of those lists.And,lists generated by program are always the same.
While you will have a delusion which songs are in random broadcast,the fact is that playing one 
song and the next song have noting change.Follow on , song progress bar is too thin, the operation 
is not convenient .Now most computer screens are big .But bottom brace is fine .NetEase Cloud
Music ought to redesign the face in order to the size of every part become more rational .

Last but not the least,I will talk about the demand with regard to NetEase Cloud Music .Because 
Users can set up their own home page, and other people can focus on me, share music ,and my dynamic 
present in real-time in this circle.But maybe sometimes I do not want someone to see the song 
list that I create .In other word ,I do not would like all my information is publicly available .
Follow on ,on account of love to one song list ,I collect the list .But after all , the list is 
not created by myself .So I want to delete some songs from the list to make it perfect in my mind.
However ,it is not sustaining that I delete songs from list after I have been collected it .

I love to listening to music .And NetEase Cloud Music gives me much happy .I believe that NetEase 
Cloud Music can have a bright new future .And I believe that more people like me will support it .
